OK, the computer is restored.
Really.
All the documents.
Date saved
It's all here.
Now I have proof that I'm innocent.
Now let's see how cunning Fang Ming is about stealing my documents.
All right, Mr. Shaw.
Thank you.
I used to find a lot of computer repair masters who couldn't fix it.
I can't believe your technique is so amazing.
It's fixed.
Hi, pediatrician.
Hey, but you really should thank me. It's probably from the Year of the Child.
He gave me a lot of things to ask for my help.
Later, eat more walnuts.
Brain Supplements
Thank you, General Manager.
So now I'm going to buy you some walnut drinks.
This is no longer needed.
Let's transfer the honey later.
Hey, this is the first time I've seen you draw that big.
Because a woman came to get me help.
Unexpected.
Is this still a friend I know?
All right, all right, all right.
Take down the bridge across the river, right?
Forget it.
It's the wedding day, now please charge me. Let's go.
General Director
Come on, you're looking for me.
No.
I'll ask you one last time.
This document is yours.
Don't believe Destiny High School's lies, these plans were actually made by me.
Smart, you're dead.
My computer has been repaired.
You stole my translation.
The date of preservation of all Yuan Van knives is evidence.